doc/operations.md, before:

# Operations

## `split`
Split the given string at the given delimiter

### Arguments
- delimiter string
### Inputs
- String
### Outputs
- Array of strings
### Special behaviour
- When the delimiter is an empty string, split at every character in the string.

## `join`
Joins a list of strings or numbers together to a single string with the given delimiter

### Arguments
- delimiter string
### Inputs
- Array of strings or numbers
### Outputs
- String

## `select`
Select elements at indexes from a list

### Arguments
- Array of indexes -> return array
- OR single index -> return element
### Inputs
- Array of T
### Outputs
- Array of T
- OR T

## `tokens`
Tokenize the given string (group by the following kinds of characters):
- Letters
- Numbers
- Others

### Inputs
- String
### Outputs
- Array of strings

## `parse`
Converts the given string to a number

### Inputs
- String
### Outputs
- Number

## `str`
Converts the given number to a string

### Inputs
- Number
### Outputs
- String

## `map`
Execute a block for every element in an array and replace array with results

### Arguments
- OPTIONAL: array of indexes or index to modify
- Block
### Inputs
- Array
### Outputs
- Array

## `transform`
Identical to:
```
make 2
map 1
    BLOCK
```

## `len`
Returns the length of the given string or array

### Inputs
- String or array
### Outputs
- Number

## `invert`
If the given number is a 0 (false), converts it to a 1 (true), otherwise converts it to a 0 (false)

### Inputs
- Number
### Outputs
- Number

## `same`
Check if all the elements in the array are equal

### Inputs
- Array
### Outputs
- Number: 0 (false), 1 (true)
### Special behaviour
- If there are no elements or one element in the array, returns 1 (true)

## `any`
Checks if any element in the array is not zero (= if any element is true)

### Inputs
- Array of numbers
### Outputs
- Number: 0 (false), 1 (true)
### Special behaviour
- If there are no elements in the array, return 0 (false)

## `make`
Creates an array of the given length and fills it with the input

### Arguments
- Number: length
### Inputs
- T: fill value
### Outputs
- Array of T

## `axis`
Creates a 2D array of every element after the first element 
and set the first column to the first element in the original array.

### Pseudocode
```kotlin
fun <T> Array<T>.axis(): Array<Array<T>> {
    val axis = get(0)
    val new = new Array()
    for (element in subList(1)) {
        new.append(new Array(axis, element))
    }
    return new
}
```
or:
`[A, 0, 1, 2, ..] -> [[A, 0], [A, 1], [A, 2], ..]`

### Inputs
- Array
### Outputs
- Array

## `filter`
Creates a new array of only elements for that the given block returns not 0 (= true)

### Arguments
- Block
### Inputs
- Array
### Outputs
- Array

## `contains`
Checks if a substring or subarray is present in the array

### Arguments
- Array or string
### Inputs
- Array or string
### Outputs
- Number: 0 (false), 1 (true)

## `falpha`, `fdigit`, `falnum`
Remove all characters from the string that are not:
- for `falpha`: a letter ('a' - 'z', 'A' - 'Z')
- for `fdigit`: a digit ('0' - '9')
- for `falnum`: a letter or a digit ('a' - 'z', 'A' - 'Z', '0' - '9')

Commit message:

ranges, noempty, fix map and join

doc/operations.md, after:

# Operations
Note: All operations that take in indexes support negative indexes (index from the back of array)

Note: All values that are null are ignored: operation skipped, not joined, ...

## `split`
Split the given string at the given delimiter

### Arguments
- delimiter string
### Inputs
- String
### Outputs
- Array of strings
### Special behaviour
- When the delimiter is an empty string, split at every character in the string.

## `join`
Joins a list of strings or numbers together to a single string with the given delimiter

### Arguments
- delimiter string
### Inputs
- Array of strings or numbers
### Outputs
- String

## `select`
Select elements at indexes from a list

### Arguments
- Array of indexes -> return array
- OR single index -> return element
### Inputs
- Array of T
### Outputs
- Array of T
- OR T

## `tokens`
Tokenize the given string (group by the following kinds of characters):
- Letters
- Numbers
- Others

### Inputs
- String
### Outputs
- Array of strings

## `parse`
Converts the given string to a number

### Inputs
- String
### Outputs
- Number

## `str`
Converts the given number to a string

### Inputs
- Number
### Outputs
- String

## `map`
Execute a block for every element in an array and replace array with results

### Arguments
- OPTIONAL: array of indexes or index to modify
- Block
### Inputs
- Array
### Outputs
- Array

## `transform`
Identical to:
```
make 2
map 1
    BLOCK
```

## `len`
Returns the length of the given string or array

### Inputs
- String or array
### Outputs
- Number

## `invert`
If the given number is a 0 (false), converts it to a 1 (true), otherwise converts it to a 0 (false)

### Inputs
- Number
### Outputs
- Number

## `same`
Check if all the elements in the array are equal

### Inputs
- Array
### Outputs
- Number: 0 (false), 1 (true)
### Special behaviour
- If there are no elements or one element in the array, returns 1 (true)

## `any`
Checks if any element in the array is not zero (= if any element is true)

### Inputs
- Array of numbers
### Outputs
- Number: 0 (false), 1 (true)
### Special behaviour
- If there are no elements in the array, return 0 (false)

## `make`
Creates an array of the given length and fills it with the input

### Arguments
- Number: length
### Inputs
- T: fill value
### Outputs
- Array of T

## `axis`
Creates a 2D array of every element after the first element 
and set the first column to the first element in the original array.

### Pseudocode
```kotlin
fun <T> Array<T>.axis(): Array<Array<T>> {
    val axis = get(0)
    val new = new Array()
    for (element in subList(1)) {
        new.append(new Array(axis, element))
    }
    return new
}
```
or:
`[A, 0, 1, 2, ..] -> [[A, 0], [A, 1], [A, 2], ..]`

### Inputs
- Array
### Outputs
- Array

## `filter`
Creates a new array of only elements for that the given block returns not 0 (= true)

### Arguments
- Block
### Inputs
- Array
### Outputs
- Array

## `contains`
Checks if a substring or subarray is present in the array

### Arguments
- Array or string
### Inputs
- Array or string
### Outputs
- Number: 0 (false), 1 (true)

## `ranges`
Select a set of ranges from an array

### Arguments
- Array of numbers: flattened array of pairs of start and end index
### Inputs
- Array of T
### Outputs
- Array of T

## `noempty`
If the value is an empty string or array, replace it with null.

### Inputs
- Any
### Outputs
- Any

## `falpha`, `fdigit`, `falnum`
Remove all characters from the string that are not:
- for `falpha`: a letter ('a' - 'z', 'A' - 'Z')
- for `fdigit`: a digit ('0' - '9')
- for `falnum`: a letter or a digit ('a' - 'z', 'A' - 'Z', '0' - '9')
